[ACA-3477] Add SonarQube Cloud Test Coverage Info (#2871)
ansible-collections/amazon.aws: docs/sonarcloud.md

| `sonar.python.version` | `3.13` | Python version for analysis |
| `sonar.newCode.referenceBranch` | `main` | Branch used as baseline for "new code" |

Full reference: [Analysis parameters](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/analysis-parameters/).

### `tox.ini` (coverage generation)

Unit test coverage is produced by **tox**. The default test environment runs `pytest` with `pytest-cov`:

- **Coverage scope**: `plugins/callback`, `plugins/inventory`, `plugins/lookup`, `plugins/module_utils`, `plugins/modules`, `plugins/plugin_utils`, and `plugins`.
- **Reports**: HTML (`--cov-report html`) and Cobertura XML (`--cov-report xml:coverage.xml`).
- **Output**: `coverage.xml` is written under the `tox` environment directory (e.g. `.tox/ansible2.20-py314-with_constraints/...`).

The CI coverage job uses the environment `ansible2.20-py314-with_constraints` so that a single, consistent coverage report is produced for SonarCloud.

### `pyproject.toml` (coverage and `pytest`)

`pyproject.toml` does not define SonarQube-specific settings. It configures tools used by tests and coverage:

- **`[tool.pytest]`**: Pytest options (e.g. `xfail_strict = true`).

> - **`[tool.coverage.report]`**: Coverage report options, including `exclude_lines` for lines that are not required to be covered (e.g. `pragma: no cover`, `raise NotImplementedError`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`[tool.coverage.report]`**: Coverage report options, including `also_exclude` for lines that are not required to be covered (e.g. `raise NotImplementedError`).
```

this was replaced in #2874 so we automatically pull in things like the new exclusion of `if typing.TYPE_CHECKING:`
